0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/README.md, before:

                                                   C - More singly linked lists
How to use linked lists.

0. 0-print_listint.c - a function that prints all the elements of a listint_t list.

Prototype: size_t print_listint(const listint_t *h);
Return: the number of nodes

1. 1-listint_len.c - a function that returns the number of elements in a linked listint_t list.

Prototype: size_t listint_len(const listint_t *h);

2. 2-add_nodeint.c - a function that adds a new node at the beginning of a listint_t list.

Prototype: listint_t *add_nodeint(listint_t **head, const int n);
Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed

3. 3-add_nodeint_end.c - a function that adds a new node at the end of a listint_t list.

Prototype: listint_t *add_nodeint_end(listint_t **head, const int n);
Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed

4. 4-free_listint.c - a function that frees a listint_t list.

Prototype: void free_listint(listint_t *head);

5. 5-free_listint2.c - a function that frees a listint_t list.

Prototype: void free_listint2(listint_t **head);
The function sets the head to NULL

6. 6-pop_listint.c - a function that deletes the head node of a listint_t linked list, and returns the head node’s data (n).

Prototype: int pop_listint(listint_t **head);
if the linked list is empty return 0

7. 7-get_nodeint.c - a function that returns the nth node of a listint_t linked list.

Prototype: listint_t *get_nodeint_at_index(listint_t *head, unsigned int index);
where index is the index of the node, starting at 0
if the node does not exist, return NULL

8. 8-sum_listint.c - a function that returns the sum of all the data (n) of a listint_t linked list.

Prototype: int sum_listint(listint_t *head);
if the list is empty, return 0

Commit message:

a function that inserts a new node at a given position

0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/README.md, after:

                                                   C - More singly linked lists
How to use linked lists.

0. 0-print_listint.c - a function that prints all the elements of a listint_t list.

Prototype: size_t print_listint(const listint_t *h);
Return: the number of nodes

1. 1-listint_len.c - a function that returns the number of elements in a linked listint_t list.

Prototype: size_t listint_len(const listint_t *h);

2. 2-add_nodeint.c - a function that adds a new node at the beginning of a listint_t list.

Prototype: listint_t *add_nodeint(listint_t **head, const int n);
Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed

3. 3-add_nodeint_end.c - a function that adds a new node at the end of a listint_t list.

Prototype: listint_t *add_nodeint_end(listint_t **head, const int n);
Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed

4. 4-free_listint.c - a function that frees a listint_t list.

Prototype: void free_listint(listint_t *head);

5. 5-free_listint2.c - a function that frees a listint_t list.

Prototype: void free_listint2(listint_t **head);
The function sets the head to NULL

6. 6-pop_listint.c - a function that deletes the head node of a listint_t linked list, and returns the head node’s data (n).

Prototype: int pop_listint(listint_t **head);
if the linked list is empty return 0

7. 7-get_nodeint.c - a function that returns the nth node of a listint_t linked list.

Prototype: listint_t *get_nodeint_at_index(listint_t *head, unsigned int index);
where index is the index of the node, starting at 0
if the node does not exist, return NULL

8. 8-sum_listint.c - a function that returns the sum of all the data (n) of a listint_t linked list.

Prototype: int sum_listint(listint_t *head);
if the list is empty, return 0

9. a function that inserts a new node at a given position.

Prototype: listint_t *insert_nodeint_at_index(listint_t **head, unsigned int idx, int n);
where idx is the index of the list where the new node should be added. Index starts at 0
Returns: the address of the new node, or NULL if it failed
if it is not possible to add the new node at index idx, do not add the new node and return NULL
